=pod

=head1 NAME

Fun Programming Challenges

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is a book with examples in order to provide tasks to solve when learning
a new programming language.

 * It's intended that you can use the tasks (with material specific to your language) to self learn a new language.
 * It should also be possible to use the material in order to tutor others.
 * It could also be used to test your skills, or try something different if feeling a bit burnt out with your normal tasks

I've tried to make the tasks fun but with a real world application that should
make the solutions you create (and the skills you learn) useful for a
portfolio.

=head1 USAGE

The book with tasks is provided in LaTeX format. The tasks are available as
seperate files with a problem to solve on one side of the paper, and bonus
tasks on the other side, should you, or the person you are mentoring be hungry
for more in the time given to solve a task.

=head1 FEEDBACK

I'm interested in what you (yes you) think of the tasks

 * Too hard at the beginning?
 * Too easy at the end?
 * Spelling, grammar, formatting mistakes
 * Do you work in an industry a task covers? With your knowledge do you think the task could be made more relevant?

Even if you just used a task and found it fun, let me know. I like random
emails from friendly people, let me know where you're from (almost like a
virtual postcard) I find it motivational.

=head1 AUTHOR

Guy Edwards <guyjohnedwards@gmail.com>

=head1 LICENSE

This is published under a Creative Commons share alike license.

Lawyers and commercial people with sketchy ethics should read the full version
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/legalcode

A laymans summary is here:
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/

Some solutions may be included, and may have a different (more permissive)
license. In these cases the alternative license will be included in the code.
